[MALE BLACK SUIT A pants]
[MALE BLACK SUIT A]
Have mercy!
[grunts, whimpers]
[WOLFWOOD grunting]
[MALE BLACK SUIT A]
Heh! Executed the executioner!
[MALE BLACK SUIT A gasps]
You monster!
[gunshots]
[RADIO HOST] Plants continue
to be stolen across the region
at an alarming rate.
Authorities are yet
to name a suspect.
Both fully-functional
plants, as well as those
that have gone red and marked
for disposal are being taken...
[MERYL chuckles] All right,
who took whose lunch money?
[RADIO HOST] The JuLai
government encourages any
witnesses to the crimes to come
forward as soon as possible.
In other news, Vash--
If memory serves,
there's a Sand Steamer that
leaves from the port ahead.
You'll be able to ride that
puppy straight to JuLai.
So, are we just
leaving our car here?
We're leaving our
gunmen here, newbie.
Huh?
Gotta get back to headquarters.
We could write ten articles
on our ol' pal, now.
Wait, no!
That good with you, ol' pal?
[VASH grunts]
[MERYL sighs]
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER A]
Attention all passengers
joining us on our
voyage to JuLai.
This is the final
call for boarding.
Those that have completed
loading procedures,
please make your way to
the designated gate.
If you have not yet completed
boarding procedures,
please speak to your nearest
attendant immediately.
It's your cooperation that
allows our mighty ship
to stay on schedule.
[WOLFWOOD] I thought you
three had something special.
[VASH]
Yeah, not really.
[WOLFWOOD] Stone-cold,
Needle-Noggin. Stone cold.
What are we doing?
I'm smoking. You?
[MERYL] We finally have some
semblance of dirt on him,
and we're gonna
let him get away?
[ROBERTO]
I'm out, newbie.
What kind of monster looks
the same for 20 years?
You're just scared, aren't you?
That's beside the point.
I won't risk our lives
just to churn out some
piece of tabloid fluff.
[MERYL sighs]
[ROBERTO grunts]
[MERYL grunts] So, if we aren't
risking our lives, we can stay?
[ROBERTO sighs]
You're a pain in my ass.
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER A]
Thank you for joining us
as we journey across the Great
Sand Ocean, and as always,
thank you for choosing to
travel on the Humpback.
We are proud to operate
one of the largest
Sand Steamers in all
of Noman's Land.
On board our great ship
is one of the world's
most powerful plants.
This allows us
to ensure our passengers
a safe and peaceful ride.
Our destination this
sunny afternoon
is the third city of JuLai.
If you need anything on the way,
look for a nearby attendant.
Now sit back, relax,
and enjoy the voyage.
[VASH]
So, what's your endgame?
[WOLFWOOD]
In what?
[VASH]
In following me around.
I'm like a cool big brother.
You won't smash the bullies'
skulls, so it falls to me.
I wouldn't mind a
thank you or two.
[VASH grunts] You don't get to
decide who lives and who dies.
[WOLFWOOD] Still holding the
moral high ground, huh?
[MALE PASSENGER A]
Let's sit and have some tea.
[VASH]
Come on.
Don't you have something
that you want to protect
more than anything else too?
[WOLFWOOD groans]
Oh, stuff it, blondie.
The reason you've survived this
long is because there's always
some poor sap there
to die instead.
[VASH] That's not what I
was talking about at all.
You know that.
[WOLFWOOD] What the--?
Oh please, don't get all pissy!
I'm done with your
self-righteous attitude.
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
Until you can be a big boy
and take out your own trash,
I'm through listening to--
[WOLFWOOD]
Huh?
Run the hell away!
[VASH, LIVIO grunting]
[WOLFWOOD gasps]
Why now?
[WOLFWOOD]
What are you doing here?
[gasps[
[WOLFWOOD]
Livio?
[bell rings]
[WOLFWOOD]
Huh?
[ORPHANS laughing]
[LIVIO sobs]
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
[gasps]
[coughs]
[WOLFWOOD, LIVIO laugh]
[gasps]
[LIVIO snores]
Stop, Livio!
He's not who hurt you!
[grunts]
[SOLDIER A]
Are we in the right place?
[SOLDIER B]
There he is!
[SOLDIER A]
Drop your weapon!
[SOLDIER B]
Listen to the man!
Resist and we'll shoot!
You've gotta stay back!
[SOLDIER A]
That goes for you, too!
Drop your weapons!
The hell are you doing?
Answer me!
[ROBERTO]
Yeesh, watch it, newbie!
Keep driving like that
and you'll be sacked
before year two!
[MERYL]
Understood, sir.
[ROBERTO] You might be
paying to fix this beater.
[MERYL] Understood sir.
I'll drive more safely.
Shit, if you "understood"
a thing about our world,
you'd let him go.
Understood, sir.
[ROBERTO grunts]
Newbie!
This is an undercover report,
you got me?
Understood, sir!
And we pull out at the first
sign of trouble, hear me?
Understood, sir!
Ugh. That was in one,
and out the other, huh?
[BAD LADS shouting]
Jeez, Our luck's in the crapper.
[MERYL]
Huh?
[ORPHANS laughing]
[WOLFWOOD gasping]
[CONRAD] In addition to
repairing any bodily damage
you've accumulated
over the years,
this drug rebuilds and
strengthens your cells.
Any wound you receive
will be healed in seconds.
[WOLFWOOD gasping]
[CONRAD]
A dream come true, yes?
[LIVIO giggles]
[LIVIO]
Nico! Nico, come back!
[ORPHANS] Play with us!
Please, Nico?
[CONRAD] This accelerated
growth, as with all good things,
comes at a price.
[WOLFWOOD gasps]
[MALE BLACK SUIT B] Just a few
months, and he's grown so much.
[MALE BLACK SUIT C]
As expected, he's doing well.
[MALE BLACK SUIT D]
He's a monster.
[MALE BLACK SUIT C]
Agreed.
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
[grunts, chuckles]
--[WOLFWOOD grunts]
--[alarm buzzing]
[MALE BLACK SUIT E]
We've got a runner!
Hold on, is that...?
[pants]
[MALE BLACK SUIT E]
Hey! Don't move!
[MALE BLACK SUIT F]
Stop, you fool!
[CONRAD]
Hm?
[MALE BLACK SUIT G]
You're done!
[CONRAD] Don't hurt him!
He's a subject!
Stop this at once!
[groans]
[CONRAD gasps]
Splendid, my boy.
[grunts]
[shouts]
[WOLFWOOD] I'm going back.
I'm going home!
[WOLFWOOD grunting, shouting]
[LEGATO] And somehow,
you maintain your own will.
[LEGATO]
The child deemed S plus.
You have a true gift, you know.
Starting this very day, you
shall join the Eye of Michael.
[WOLFWOOD shouts]
[LEGATO] You'll surely
enjoy your time with us.
We worship a beautiful angel.
[WOLFWOOD coughs]
[WOLFWOOD]
I don't believe in gods, so no!
[LEGATO]
What about punishment?
That will be your role in
Master Knives's noble plan.
You will eliminate all
abnormalities in his way.
[LEGATO]
Rebels.
Fugitives.
[LEGATO]
Low-life scum.
[grunts] Yeah, that's gonna
be a pass from me.
[LEGATO]
Surely, you'll enjoy it.
[WOLFWOOD] I'm not working for
you or your freaky-ass cult!
[LEGATO laughs]
[LEGATO]
You consider him a brother?
[gasps]
Livio!
[LEGATO] I understand
he volunteered himself
to follow after you.
The very picture
of fraternal love.
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
[LEGATO]
If you refuse to join us,
he says he's willing
to take your place.
What'll it be?
Damn you, you blue-haired
freak of nature!
[gasps, groans]
[LEGATO] You would be wise not
to insult my appearance again.
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
[LEGATO] It's futile.
My power is far beyond
mere nerve control or
electrical impulses.
Livio. Run! Run away!
[LEGATO]
Huh. Love. Attachment.
I don't understand such things.
Emotion is useless.
Devote yourself and release
that which weighs you down.
--Well?
--[WOLFWOOD] Not a chance.
Sorry, blue boy!
[yells]
[LEGATO laughs]
[CONRAD]
Bluesummers!
[grunts]
[LEGATO]
Well, you arrived quickly.
[CONRAD]
Please! Be gentle with him.
He's no more than
your average stray.
[CONRAD] His chemical aptitude,
it ranks S plus. He is no stray.
[LEGATO laughs] I overstepped,
I'm terribly sorry.
Forgive me, Priest William.
[CONRAD] You mustn't
defile life in such a way!
The one who needs to
forgive us both is him.
[WOLFWOOD]
I'm sorry, Livio.
Screw you. I'm gonna be real
pissed if I have to hurt you!
[VASH pants]
[SOLDIER C]
There he is! Fire!
Fire!
[SOLDIER D]
He's still standing?
What's going on?
[gasps]
[WOLFWOOD]
And with no meds?
[SOLDIERS shouting]
[VASH gasps]
Who is that?
He's none of
your business, okay?
Now hurry up and hide!
Don't let him find you.
He's gonna get somebody
killed out there!
Just worry about yourself
for once, blondie!
You know him, yeah?
So help the poor guy!
[WOLFWOOD grunts]
It's too late.
Huh?
[grunts]
[gunshots]
Hey! You can't win!
[VASH] Please, stop!
It's me you're after!
[LIVIO gasps]
I have to catch up.
[gasps]
[SOLDIER E] Drop your
weapons and surrender!
I told you! You gotta stay back!
[SOLDIER F]
Engaged on the lower deck.
[SOLDIER G]
And we need backup.
[SOLDIER E]
Reach for the sky!
[SOLDIERS gasp]
Stay away if you want to live!
Be careful!
[VASH, LIVIO grunting]
[gasps]
[WOLFWOOD] You're supposed
to be hiding, Needle-Noggin!
There's no way in hell I'm gonna
let you two kill each other!
[ZAZIE laughs]
[ZAZIE] The Punisher's
in a sticky spot, huh?
[LEGATO chuckles] Yes, a
difficult position indeed.
[LEGATO] If his brother dies,
they'll continue to cycle
through children
at the orphanage
until they find another with
good chemical aptitude.
[ZAZIE] Humans and their
silly priorities.
He needs to learn that he
can't protect everyone.
[grunts]
Damn it!
[LIVIO grunts]
--Shut up and hide already!
--[VASH] No way!
Hide, or I'll kill you!
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER A]
We are assessing the situation
on the lower deck.
Please follow your
attendant's instructions.
Hurry!
[FEMALE ANNOUNCER A]
Thank you for your cooperation.
Your safety...
[LEGATO]
Emotion weighs us down.
Love. Attachment.
I don't understand such things.
It has long been time to give
up on your little brother.
You must finally learn
to accept reality.
[MALE WORKER B shouts]
[WOLFWOOD, VASH gasp]
[gasps] This ain't good.
Ship's off course.
[PASSENGERS,
shouting, chattering]
[WOOLFWOOD, VASH gasp]
[BAD LADS laughing, shouting]
[VASH gasps]
[WOLFWOOD] The Bad Lads Gang?
Of all times, they choose now?
[LEGATO] Well? What's your
next move, Punisher?
[LEGATO]
Who shall you kill?
And who shall you save?
[grunts]
[ZAZIE laughs]
[ZAZIE]
I've got you now.